Zicheng has never been flooded in a hundred years
Could it be that the thieves used some strategy?
You have to.
Not good, not good
Fuzhou river backflow
Is there standing water in the city?
What!
What can be done?
Anyway, there's still time.
We take the initiative
Attack the Union Army
This princess has already inquired
The rebels are now setting up horses everywhere
We're ready to move forward.
The reckless lose.
Oops, it's over, it's over, it's over
If you go on like this, you will kill the city.
If you don't attack, you will break
Mr. Guo
Catch a thing to be perfect and useless
In addition to slapping horses, they will eat, drink and have fun
What about the two trash?
That's it.
The soil is already full of water
One will be successful
I don't know how many people will be buried here this time
One drink and one turbid has its own number
Rakshasa Kingdom is also unbreakable
There's no need to look any further.
Oops, it's all here
It's boring not to leave something behind.
What do you intend to do?
Don't you forget
You can't just use the law now
Nothing to do with the law
Just keep a shareholder
I hope to save a few more innocent people
Choose you and leave us some flooding